INDEX PAGE:

Learning it the Right Way,
Right from the Beginning

Hands On Teaching
Splashes Aquatics Swim School provides high quality swim instruction and the ideal environment for learning how to swim. Our swim instructors use specialized “muscle memory” teaching techniques that help our students progress at a quick rate. Grouped by age and ability, our students benefit from swim classes that offer personalized attention. It’s never too late to learn to swim!

Splashes Aquatics Offers:

Private Swimming Lessons - All Locations
Semi-Private Swimming Lessons - All Locations
Parent & Me (Baby) Swimming Lessons - Select Locations

Select locations also offer additional swim programs such as swim competitions, swim teams, water aerobics, aquatic therapy, swim camps and more! To learn more about the Splashes Family Swim School near you, select a location below.

Ready to sign up?

Find a Splashes Swim School near you

Family Swim School Locations
Splashes Aquatics offers the finest professional swimming lessons from 21 swim schools and aquatic centers in California and Denver.


ABOUT US:

About Splashes Aquatics

Our Philosophy
Our mission is to educate and motivate individuals to be safer and learn proper swimming technique.

We have chosen to share our love of swimming with children and believe there is a swimmer in every child. We pride ourselves on teaching the necessary skills needed to become a comfortable, proficient swimmer right from the beginning.

We Do A Pretty Good Job
Experience excellence through Splashes’ award-winning programs where safety, fast progress, and a fun environment come first. Join the swim school that loves what they do and it shows.

Hear What Families Are Saying About Us


SWIM LESSONS:

Which Lesson is Best?
Our Lesson Types

Private Swim Lessons
Our private swim lessons provide one-on-one instruction for students ages three months through adult. Private swim lessons are the best option for accelerated learning. Each lesson will allow our instructors to build on the momentum and skills taught in the previous lesson with minimal downtime. From the basics of putting your face into the water to refining your stroke technique, private lessons will offer the highest rate of progress. 
Learn more here!
 
Semi-Private Swim Lessons
At Splashes, our semi-private swim lessons offer students ages 2.5 to 13 the opportunity to interact with another student of a similar age and ability while still receiving personal attention. Whether you would like us to pair your child with another student of similar age and ability or would like to take lessons with a friend or sibling, our semi-private lessons are a cost effective option. Students also have the opportunity to observe one another in the lesson. 
Learn more here!

Parent & Me Lessons
Our Parent and Me swimming lessons (also known as “Mommy and Me” or “Daddy and Me” classes) gives parents the opportunity to be hands-on with their little one while our instructors facilitate the learning process between you and your child. These lessons provide a fun and relaxed environment for you and your child in the water. Children ages 3 months through 3 years of age can participate. However, we encourage children ages 2.5 and older to participate in private or semi-private swim lessons. 
Learn more here!

Stroke Clinic
Splashes Stroke Clinics give students the opportunity to advance their swimming techniques while in a group setting. Our Stroke Clinic classes place emphasis on proper technique over speed and prepare students for swim team. 
Swimmers ages 5 and older who are level 8 or higher can benefit from participating in these 40 minute classes. A strong technical foundation will ensure that students’ progress much faster when the time comes for them to work on speed. Our stroke clinics are exciting and fast paced, where each student will receive a great workout.
Learn more here!
 
Adult Swim Lessons
It is never too late to learn how to swim! Whether you are looking to learn the basics or improve your technique to use swimming as a form of exercise, our trained instructors will tailor each lesson to fit your individual needs. At Splashes, our adult lessons are geared for swimmers ages 13 and older. From beginners to advanced, our adult swimming lessons are a great option for those looking to conquer their fear of the water or who are looking to become stronger swimmers. 
Learn more here!




SWIM PROGRAMS:

Summer Swim Camps
Building Swimming Skills All Summer Long
If your child is between the ages of 5 to 14 and can swim two lengths across a 25 yard pool unassisted, consider enrolling them in our summer swim camps. Splashes Aquatics summer swim camps are held weekly throughout the summer. Discounts are also available for students who enroll in three sessions or more.

During the day, students will work with our highly qualified instructors on stroke technique, breathing, starts and turns, along with speed work. In the middle of the day, we provide students with a snack and beverage. Swim games will be run during the last 30-45 minutes of each daily session for the children to enjoy our rafts and pool toys. 

Find a Splashes Aquatics swim camp location near you
 
Irvine
Carlsbad
Pasadena
San Jose
Denver/Highlands Ranch



ADULT PROGRAMS:

Adult Lap Swimming
Get Fit & Stay Fit With Daily Lap Swimming
Adult lap swimming provides a full-body workout that targets the core, arms, back, and legs. It also provides swimmers with access to various training methods including strength training, aerobic training, and low-impact training.

If you are looking to improve your workout routine, be sure to stop by a Splashes Aquatics location to learn more about adult lap swimming. Swimmers will find that there are times throughout the week that will work with your schedule. 

Each lane will have up to two lap swimmers. Children under the age of 14 must be accompanied by their parent and able to swim 200 yards of the pool on their own. Lanes are limited during shared pool usage. No private swim instruction or coaching is permitted. No Lifeguard on duty. **NOTE: If you would like to reserve the entire lane for yourself, and not have to share with another swimmer, you may reserve both A and B slots for your selected lane/time.**

Find Lap Swimming Near You
Irvine
Huntington Beach
Carlsbad
Pasadena
San Jose
Denver/Highlands Ranch


Contact Us


We’d love to help. Send us an email using one of the buttons below and
a Splashes representative will get back to you as soon as possible.